the Sachsenring venue Friday 11
Today, one will move forward here
dpa tested
Roding Roadster
the passenger compartment and trim parts are made of carbon fiber reinforced
plastic
short CFRP
When cutting turbodies, you have to between two and if us cases
Distinguish are six men drove
and if they should be at a depth of approx
both applications poses a big challenge
at their additions in the episode
why are we very happy that we have a competent partner like that here
Hoffmann Group
The financial markets are supposed to have been found together with the animals of clay
specify
Once again, the excellent manufacturer can provide expertise here
to be proven of fear
bought with the company and Cody renounce all carbon vehicle parts
Witness the high performance tires and the processing time for the
individually Rizzis sinks and perfectly focused on her task
with the new Garant tools
all vehicle parts are made of carbon perfectly
This crime scene cover was just like it is mounted here
made without manual rework
Blank is used a men's black board would
the biggest challenge this project is about the importance of the person
focussed
The Hoffmann Group steps in the shortest possible time and introduces them
we have the guarantee at his disposal and also the know-how brings more
Fun as that only makes driving with the Roding Roadster
in the latest composite materials
you are scared
ca
country
a youth choir with in the tub on morning